//
// Copyright Siemens Healthineers GmBH, 2023. Part of the SW360 Portal package.
//
// This program and the accompanying materials are made
// available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0
// which is available at https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0/
//
// SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0
//

[[resources-packages]]
=== Packages

The Packages resource is used to create and list packages.


[[resources-packages-list]]
==== List packages

A `GET` request will list all of the service's packages with minimal details.

===== Request parameter
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages/http-response.adoc[]

===== Links
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages/links.adoc[]

[[resources-packages-list-all-details]]
==== List packages with all details

A `GET` request will list all of the service's packages with all details.

===== Request parameter
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages_with_all_details/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages_with_all_details/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages_with_all_details/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages_with_all_details/http-response.adoc[]

===== Links
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages_with_all_details/links.adoc[]

[[resources-package-get]]
==== List a single package with all details

A `GET` request will get a single package with all details.

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_package/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_package/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_package/http-response.adoc[]

===== Links
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_package/links.adoc[]

[[resources-packages-list-by-name]]
==== List packages by name

A `GET` request will list all of the service's packages by name. Use the 'exactMatch' parameter to get packages by name exactly matching the search input.

===== Request parameter
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages_by_name/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages_by_name/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages_by_name/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages_by_name/http-response.adoc[]

===== Links
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages_by_name/links.adoc[]

[[resources-packages-list-by-packageManager]]
==== List packages by packageManager

A `GET` request will list all of the service's packages by packageManager.

===== Request parameter
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages_by_package_manager/request-parameters.adoc[]

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages_by_package_manager/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages_by_package_manager/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages_by_package_manager/http-response.adoc[]

===== Links
include::{snippets}/should_document_get_packages_by_package_manager/links.adoc[]

[[resources-packages-create]]
==== Creating a package

A `POST` request is used to create a package

===== Request structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_create_package/request-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_create_package/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_create_package/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-package-update]]
==== Update a package

A `PATCH` request is used to update an existing package

===== Response structure
include::{snippets}/should_document_update_package/response-fields.adoc[]

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_update_package/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_update_package/http-response.adoc[]

[[resources-packages-delete]]
==== Delete a package

A `DELETE` request will delete a package.

===== Example request
include::{snippets}/should_document_delete_package/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Example response
include::{snippets}/should_document_delete_package/http-response.adoc[]
